Name	Used By	Type	Default	Minimum	Description, notes
_background	Graphs	xdot	<none>		A string in the xdot format specifying an arbitrary background.
area	Nodes, Clusters	double	1.0	>0	Indicates the preferred area for a node or empty cluster. patchwork only.
arrowhead	Edges	arrowType	normal		Style of arrowhead on the head node of an edge.
arrowsize	Edges	double	1.0	0.0	Multiplicative scale factor for arrowheads.
arrowtail	Edges	arrowType	normal		Style of arrowhead on the tail node of an edge.
bb	Clusters, Graphs	rect			Bounding box of drawing in points. write only.
beautify	Graphs	bool	false		Whether to draw leaf nodes uniformly in a circle around the root node in sfdp.. sfdp only.
bgcolor	Graphs, Clusters	color, colorList	<none>		Canvas background color.
center	Graphs	bool	false		Whether to center the drawing in the output canvas.
charset	Graphs	string	"UTF-8"		Character encoding used when interpreting string input as a text label..
class	Edges, Nodes, Clusters, Graphs	string	""		Classnames to attach to the node, edge, graph, or cluster's SVG element. svg only.
cluster	Clusters, Subgraphs	bool	false		Whether the subgraph is a cluster.
clusterrank	Graphs	clusterMode	local		Mode used for handling clusters. dot only.
color	Edges, Nodes, Clusters	color, colorList	black		Basic drawing color for graphics, not text.
colorscheme	Edges, Nodes, Clusters, Graphs	string	""		A color scheme namespace: the context for interpreting color names.
comment	Edges, Nodes, Graphs	string	""		Comments are inserted into output.
compound	Graphs	bool	false		If true, allow edges between clusters. dot only.
concentrate	Graphs	bool	false		If true, use edge concentrators.
constraint	Edges	bool	true		If false, the edge is not used in ranking the nodes. dot only.
Damping	Graphs	double	0.99	0.0	Factor damping force motions.. neato only.
decorate	Edges	bool	false		Whether to connect the edge label to the edge with a line.
defaultdist	Graphs	double	1+(avg. len)*sqrt(|V|)	epsilon	The distance between nodes in separate connected components. neato only.
dim	Graphs	int	2	2	Set the number of dimensions used for the layout. neato, fdp, sfdp only.
dimen	Graphs	int	2	2	Set the number of dimensions used for rendering. neato, fdp, sfdp only.
dir	Edges	dirType	forward (directed)
none (undirected)		Edge type for drawing arrowheads.
diredgeconstraints	Graphs	string, bool	false		Whether to constrain most edges to point downwards. neato only.
distortion	Nodes	double	0.0	-100.0	Distortion factor for shape=polygon.
dpi	Graphs	double	96.0	0.0	Specifies the expected number of pixels per inch on a display device. bitmap output, svg only.
edgehref	Edges	escString	""		Synonym for edgeURL. map, svg only.
edgetarget	Edges	escString	<none>		Browser window to use for the edgeURL link. map, svg only.
edgetooltip	Edges	escString	""		Tooltip annotation attached to the non-label part of an edge. cmap, svg only.
edgeURL	Edges	escString	""		The link for the non-label parts of an edge. map, svg only.
epsilon	Graphs	double	.0001 * # nodes (mode == KK)
.0001 (mode == major)
.01 (mode == sgd)		Terminating condition. neato only.
esep	Graphs	addDouble, addPoint	+3		Margin used around polygons for purposes of spline edge routing. neato, fdp, sfdp, osage, circo, twopi only.
fillcolor	Nodes, Edges, Clusters	color, colorList	lightgrey (nodes)
black (clusters)		Color used to fill the background of a node or cluster.
fixedsize	Nodes	bool, string	false		Whether to use the specified width and height attributes to choose node size (rather than sizing to fit the node contents).
fontcolor	Edges, Nodes, Graphs, Clusters	color	black		Color used for text.
fontname	Edges, Nodes, Graphs, Clusters	string	"Times-Roman"		Font used for text.
fontnames	Graphs	string	""		Allows user control of how basic fontnames are represented in SVG output. svg only.
fontpath	Graphs	string	<system-dependent>		Directory list used by libgd to search for bitmap fonts.
fontsize	Edges, Nodes, Graphs, Clusters	double	14.0	1.0	Font size, in points, used for text.
forcelabels	Graphs	bool	true		Whether to force placement of all xlabels, even if overlapping.
gradientangle	Nodes, Clusters, Graphs	int	0	0	If a gradient fill is being used, this determines the angle of the fill.
group	Nodes	string	""		Name for a group of nodes, for bundling edges avoiding crossings.. dot only.
head_lp	Edges	point			Center position of an edge's head label. write only.
headclip	Edges	bool	true		If true, the head of an edge is clipped to the boundary of the head node.
headhref	Edges	escString	""		Synonym for headURL. map, svg only.
headlabel	Edges	lblString	""		Text label to be placed near head of edge.
headport	Edges	portPos	center		Indicates where on the head node to attach the head of the edge.
headtarget	Edges	escString	<none>		Browser window to use for the headURL link. map, svg only.
headtooltip	Edges	escString	""		Tooltip annotation attached to the head of an edge. cmap, svg only.
headURL	Edges	escString	""		If defined, headURL is output as part of the head label of the edge. map, svg only.
height	Nodes	double	0.5	0.02	Height of node, in inches.
href	Graphs, Clusters, Nodes, Edges	escString	""		Synonym for URL. map, postscript, svg only.
id	Graphs, Clusters, Nodes, Edges	escString	""		Identifier for graph objects. map, postscript, svg only.
image	Nodes	string	""		Gives the name of a file containing an image to be displayed inside a node.
imagepath	Graphs	string	""		A list of directories in which to look for image files.
imagepos	Nodes	string	"mc"		Controls how an image is positioned within its containing node.
imagescale	Nodes	bool, string	false		Controls how an image fills its containing node.
inputscale	Graphs	double	<none>		Scales the input positions to convert between length units. neato, fdp only.
K	Graphs, Clusters	double	0.3	0	Spring constant used in virtual physical model. fdp, sfdp only.
label	Edges, Nodes, Graphs, Clusters	lblString	"\N" (nodes)
"" (otherwise)		Text label attached to objects.
label_scheme	Graphs	int	0	0	Whether to treat a node whose name has the form |edgelabel|* as a special node representing an edge label.. sfdp only.
labelangle	Edges	double	-25.0	-180.0	The angle (in degrees) in polar coordinates of the head & tail edge labels..
labeldistance	Edges	double	1.0	0.0	Scaling factor for the distance of headlabel / taillabel from the head / tail nodes..
labelfloat	Edges	bool	false		If true, allows edge labels to be less constrained in position.
labelfontcolor	Edges	color	black		Color used for headlabel and taillabel..
labelfontname	Edges	string	"Times-Roman"		Font for headlabel and taillabel.
labelfontsize	Edges	double	14.0	1.0	Font size of headlabel and taillabel.
labelhref	Edges	escString	""		Synonym for labelURL. map, svg only.
labeljust	Graphs, Clusters	string	"c"		Justification for graph & cluster labels.
labelloc	Nodes, Graphs, Clusters	string	"t" (clusters)
"b" (root graphs)
"c" (nodes)		Vertical placement of labels for nodes, root graphs and clusters.
labeltarget	Edges	escString	<none>		Browser window to open labelURL links in. map, svg only.
labeltooltip	Edges	escString	""		Tooltip annotation attached to label of an edge. cmap, svg only.
labelURL	Edges	escString	""		If defined, labelURL is the link used for the label of an edge. map, svg only.
landscape	Graphs	bool	false		If true, the graph is rendered in landscape mode.
layer	Edges, Nodes, Clusters	layerRange	""		Specifies layers in which the node, edge or cluster is present.
layerlistsep	Graphs	string	","		The separator characters used to split attributes of type layerRange into a list of ranges..
layers	Graphs	layerList	""		A linearly ordered list of layer names attached to the graph.
layerselect	Graphs	layerRange	""		Selects a list of layers to be emitted.
layersep	Graphs	string	":\t "		The separator characters for splitting the layers attribute into a list of layer names..
layout	Graphs	string	""		Which layout engine to use.
len	Edges	double	1.0 (neato)
0.3 (fdp)		Preferred edge length, in inches. neato, fdp only.
levels	Graphs	int	INT_MAX	0.0	Number of levels allowed in the multilevel scheme. sfdp only.
levelsgap	Graphs	double	0.0		strictness of neato level constraints. neato only.
lhead	Edges	string	""		Logical head of an edge. dot only.
lheight	Graphs, Clusters	double			Height of graph or cluster label, in inches. write only.
linelength	Graphs	int	128	60	How long strings should get before overflowing to next line, for text output..
lp	Edges, Graphs, Clusters	point			Label center position. write only.
ltail	Edges	string	""		Logical tail of an edge. dot only.
lwidth	Graphs, Clusters	double			Width of graph or cluster label, in inches. write only.
margin	Nodes, Clusters, Graphs	double, point	<device-dependent>		For graphs, this sets x and y margins of canvas, in inches.
maxiter	Graphs	int	100 * # nodes (mode == KK)
200 (mode == major)
30 (mode == sgd)
600 (fdp)		Sets the number of iterations used. neato, fdp only.
mclimit	Graphs	double	1.0		Scale factor for mincross (mc) edge crossing minimiser parameters. dot only.
mindist	Graphs	double	1.0	0.0	Specifies the minimum separation between all nodes. circo only.
minlen	Edges	int	1	0	Minimum edge length (rank difference between head and tail). dot only.
mode	Graphs	string	major		Technique for optimizing the layout. neato only.
model	Graphs	string	shortpath		Specifies how the distance matrix is computed for the input graph. neato only.
newrank	Graphs	bool	false		Whether to use a single global ranking, ignoring clusters. dot only.
nodesep	Graphs	double	0.25	0.02	In dot, nodesep specifies the minimum space between two adjacent nodes in the same rank, in inches.
nojustify	Graphs, Clusters, Nodes, Edges	bool	false		Whether to justify multiline text vs the previous text line (rather than the side of the container)..
normalize	Graphs	double, bool	false		normalizes coordinates of final layout. neato, fdp, sfdp, twopi, circo only.
notranslate	Graphs	bool	false		Whether to avoid translating layout to the origin point. neato only.
nslimit	Graphs	double			Sets number of iterations in network simplex applications. dot only.
nslimit1	Graphs	double			Sets number of iterations in network simplex applications. dot only.
oneblock	Graphs	bool	false		Whether to draw circo graphs around one circle.. circo only.
ordering	Graphs, Nodes	string	""		Constrains the left-to-right ordering of node edges.. dot only.
orientation	Nodes, Graphs	double, string	0.0
""	-360.0	node shape rotation angle, or graph orientation.
outputorder	Graphs	outputMode	breadthfirst		Specify order in which nodes and edges are drawn.
overlap	Graphs	string, bool	true		Determines if and how node overlaps should be removed. fdp, neato, sfdp, circo, twopi only.
overlap_scaling	Graphs	double	-4	-1e+10	Scale layout by factor, to reduce node overlap.. prism, neato, sfdp, fdp, circo, twopi only.
overlap_shrink	Graphs	bool	true		Whether the overlap removal algorithm should perform a compression pass to reduce the size of the layout. prism only.
pack	Graphs	bool, int	false		Whether each connected component of the graph should be laid out separately, and then the graphs packed together..
packmode	Graphs	packMode	node		How connected components should be packed.
pad	Graphs	double, point	0.0555 (4 points)		Inches to extend the drawing area around the minimal area needed to draw the graph.
page	Graphs	double, point			Width and height of output pages, in inches.
pagedir	Graphs	pagedir	BL		The order in which pages are emitted.
pencolor	Clusters	color	black		Color used to draw the bounding box around a cluster.
penwidth	Clusters, Nodes, Edges	double	1.0	0.0	Specifies the width of the pen, in points, used to draw lines and curves.
peripheries	Nodes, Clusters	int	<shape default> (nodes)
1 (clusters)	0	Set number of peripheries used in polygonal shapes and cluster boundaries.
pin	Nodes	bool	false		Keeps the node at the node's given input position. neato, fdp only.
pos	Edges, Nodes	point, splineType			Position of node, or spline control points. neato, fdp only.
quadtree	Graphs	quadType, bool	normal		Quadtree scheme to use. sfdp only.
quantum	Graphs	double	0.0	0.0	If quantum > 0.0, node label dimensions will be rounded to integral multiples of the quantum.
rank	Subgraphs	rankType			Rank constraints on the nodes in a subgraph. dot only.
rankdir	Graphs	rankdir	TB		Sets direction of graph layout. dot only.
ranksep	Graphs	double, doubleList	0.5 (dot)
1.0 (twopi)	0.02	Specifies separation between ranks. dot, twopi only.
ratio	Graphs	double, string			Sets the aspect ratio (drawing height/drawing width) for the drawing.
rects	Nodes	rect			Rectangles for fields of records, in points. write only.
regular	Nodes	bool	false		If true, force polygon to be regular..
remincross	Graphs	bool	true		If there are multiple clusters, whether to run edge crossing minimization a second time.. dot only.
repulsiveforce	Graphs	double	1.0	0.0	The power of the repulsive force used in an extended Fruchterman-Reingold. sfdp only.
resolution	Graphs	double	96.0	0.0	Synonym for dpi.. bitmap output, svg only.
root	Graphs, Nodes	string, bool	<none> (graphs)
false (nodes)		Specifies nodes to be used as the center of the layout. twopi, circo only.
rotate	Graphs	int	0		If rotate=90, sets drawing orientation to landscape.
rotation	Graphs	double	0		Rotates the final layout counter-clockwise by the specified number of degrees. sfdp only.
samehead	Edges	string	""		Edges with the same head and the same samehead value are aimed at the same point on the head. dot only.
sametail	Edges	string	""		Edges with the same tail and the same sametail value are aimed at the same point on the tail.. dot only.
samplepoints	Nodes	int	8 (output)
20 (overlap and image maps)		Gives the number of points used for a circle/ellipse node.
scale	Graphs	double, point			Scales layout by the given factor after the initial layout. neato, twopi only.
searchsize	Graphs	int	30		During network simplex, the maximum number of edges with negative cut values to search when looking for an edge with minimum cut value.. dot only.
sep	Graphs	addDouble, addPoint	+4		Margin to leave around nodes when removing node overlap. fdp, neato, sfdp, osage, circo, twopi only.
shape	Nodes	shape	ellipse		Sets the shape of a node.
shapefile	Nodes	string	""		A file containing user-supplied node content.
showboxes	Edges, Nodes, Graphs	int	0	0	Print guide boxes for debugging. dot only.
sides	Nodes	int	4	0	Number of sides when shape=polygon.
size	Graphs	double, point			Maximum width and height of drawing, in inches.
skew	Nodes	double	0.0	-100.0	Skew factor for shape=polygon.
smoothing	Graphs	smoothType	"none"		Specifies a post-processing step used to smooth out an uneven distribution of nodes.. sfdp only.
sortv	Graphs, Clusters, Nodes	int	0	0	Sort order of graph components for ordering packmode packing..
splines	Graphs	bool, string			Controls how, and if, edges are represented.
start	Graphs	startType	""		Parameter used to determine the initial layout of nodes. neato, fdp, sfdp only.
style	Edges, Nodes, Clusters, Graphs	style	""		Set style information for components of the graph.
stylesheet	Graphs	string	""		A URL or pathname specifying an XML style sheet, used in SVG output. svg only.
tail_lp	Edges	point			Position of an edge's tail label, in points.. write only.
tailclip	Edges	bool	true		If true, the tail of an edge is clipped to the boundary of the tail node.
tailhref	Edges	escString	""		Synonym for tailURL.. map, svg only.
taillabel	Edges	lblString	""		Text label to be placed near tail of edge.
tailport	Edges	portPos	center		Indicates where on the tail node to attach the tail of the edge.
tailtarget	Edges	escString	<none>		Browser window to use for the tailURL link. map, svg only.
tailtooltip	Edges	escString	""		Tooltip annotation attached to the tail of an edge. cmap, svg only.
tailURL	Edges	escString	""		If defined, tailURL is output as part of the tail label of the edge. map, svg only.
target	Edges, Nodes, Graphs, Clusters	escString, string	<none>		If the object has a URL, this attribute determines which window of the browser is used for the URL.. map, svg only.
TBbalance	Graphs	string	''		Which rank to move floating (loose) nodes to. dot only.
tooltip	Nodes, Edges, Clusters, Graphs	escString	""		Tooltip (mouse hover text) attached to the node, edge, cluster, or graph. cmap, svg only.
truecolor	Graphs	bool			Whether internal bitmap rendering relies on a truecolor color model or uses. bitmap output only.
URL	Edges, Nodes, Graphs, Clusters	escString	<none>		Hyperlinks incorporated into device-dependent output. map, postscript, svg only.
vertices	Nodes	pointList			Sets the coordinates of the vertices of the node's polygon, in inches. write only.
viewport	Graphs	viewPort	""		Clipping window on final drawing.
voro_margin	Graphs	double	0.05	0.0	Tuning margin of Voronoi technique. neato, fdp, sfdp, twopi, circo only.
weight	Edges	int, double	1	0(dot,twopi)
1(neato,fdp)	Weight of edge.
width	Nodes	double	0.75	0.01	Width of node, in inches.
xdotversion	Graphs	string			Determines the version of xdot used in output. xdot only.
xlabel	Edges, Nodes	lblString	""		External label for a node or edge.
xlp	Nodes, Edges	point			Position of an exterior label, in points. write only.
z	Nodes	double	0.0	-MAXFLOAT
-1000	Z-coordinate value for 3D layouts and displays.
